VOICE ASSISTANT

Mind that jarvis.py is the file to be executed not main.py .

For executing this code you need python installed in your system.
	You can download it from :
		- Microsoft store,
		- Python official website : https://www.python.org/downloads/
		
After installing python add python path to system variables(Check if path is added or not. If not then do the following.).
	By default your python file should installed at this location : C:\Users\[User name]\AppData\Local\Packages\PythonSoftwareFoundation.Python.3.12_qbz5n2kfra8p0\LocalCache\local-packages\Python312\Scripts
	In environment variables/system variables/path/edit/in right sidebar click new/paste/write your path to folder containing ipython.exe(by default path looks like given in above line.) 
	Click Ok to add path.
	Now you should be able to execute your python files from command prompt.
	
Add chrome driver.
	I have provided a chromedriver.exe you can add that if it doesn't work then you can download it from here.
	You can Download chrome driver from :
		- From google website : https://developer.chrome.com/docs/chromedriver/downloads
		- Download direct zip file from here : https://storage.googleapis.com/chrome-for-testing-public/129.0.6668.58/win64/chromedriver-win64.zip
	Extract zip file and put Chromedriver.exe file in your folder which is used for runnig jarvis.py
		
Run repository code in your local system.
		Create a folder or use your existing one.
		Keep all the files downloaded from this repository in selected folder.
		Add Chromedriver.exe in this folder.
		Make sure you download all the files provided in this repository to use all the functionality.
		Open command prompt and type : pip install -r requirement.txt (This will download all the Dependencies to run this code and need around 300-400 mb data.)
		After this you can open IDE and run jarvis.py .
			
Voice command to use functionality.
	hey jarvis.
		To activate voice assistant.
	
	jai [shree ram].
		With this command jarvis will say jai [any god name after jai].
		
	what is time now.
		This will tell you current system time.
		
	open file explorer. 
		This will open file explorer.
	
	close file explorer. 
		This will close file explorer.
		
	open notepad. -> You have to give your own path.
		yes write in file.
			With this command you can write in a file in notepad via voice command.
		No don't write.
			With this command jarvis will open notepad only.
	
	close notepad. 
		This command will close notepad.
	
	open command promt.
		This will open command prompt.
		
	close command prompt.
		This will close command prompt.
	
	open visual studio code. -> You have to give your own path.
		This will open visual studio code.
		
	close visual studio code. 
		This will close visual studio code.
		
	open excel. -> You have to give your own path.
		This will open microsoft excel.
		
	close excel. -> You have to give your own path.
		This will close microsoft excel.
		
	open word. -> You have to give your own path.
		This will open microsoft word.
		
	close word. -> You have to give your own path.
		This will close microsoft word.
		
	open download. -> You have to give your own path.
		This will open downloads folder.
		
	close download. -> You have to give your own path.
		This will close downloads folder.
		
	open document. -> You have to give your own path.
		This will open documents folder.
		
	close document. -> You have to give your own path.
		This will close documents folder.
		
	minimize document. -> You have to give your own path.
		This will minimize documents folder.
	
	open desktop. -> You have to give your own path.
		This will open desktop folder.
		
	close desktop. -> You have to give your own path.
		This will close desktop folder.
	
	open screenshot. -> You have to give your own path.
		This will open screenshot folder.
		
	close screenshot. -> You have to give your own path.
		This will close screenshot folder.
		
	open setting.
		This will open settings.
		
	close setting.
		This will close settings.
		
	cuurent volumn.
		This will give current system volumn.
		
	volumn to [number e.g. volumn to 50].
		This will set system volumn to [number told after volumn to.].
		
	volumn up.
		This will increase system volumn once.
		
	volumn down.
		This will decrease system volumn once.
		
	mute.
		This will mute system volumn.
		For unmute system volumn say "mute" again.
	
	unmute.
		This will unmute system volumn.
		For mute system volumn say "unmute" again.
		
	open camera.
		This will open camera.
		
	switch tab.
		This will switch from one application to another application.
	
	change tab.
		This will switch between tabs opened in browser.
		
	close tab.
		This will close a tab opened in browser.
		
	[Your question] in/from wikipedia.
		This will search your question in wikipedia and return answer got from wikipedia.
		
	search in youtube. (Wait while jarvis asks you to what to search.) [say anything you want to search.]
		This searches in youtube anything you want to search.
		Keep in mind that search in youtube is activating search after that Wait while jarvis asks you to what to search after that say what you want to search.
		
	open youtube.
		This will open youtube.
		
	open chess.
		This will open chess.com .
		
	open chatgpt.
		This will open chatgpt.
		
	open gemini.
		This will open google gemini.
		
	open jiocinema.
		This will open jiocinema.
		
	search in google. (Wait while jarvis asks you to what to search.) [say anything you want to search.]
		This will search in google anything you want to search.
		Keep in mind that search in google is activating search after that Wait while jarvis asks you to what to search after that say what you want to search.
		
	close google.
		This will close google chrome.
		Keep in mind that this will close chrome only when you are working on chrome.
		
	play favourite song. (Wail while jarvis asks you which playlist or song you want to play.) [say a number of your playlist or song.] -> You have to give your own playlist link.
		This will play your predefined playlist or song in youtube.
		After jarvis asks you which playlist or song you want to play you can say following : 
		- A number for specific playlist or song.
		- Play random for randomly play playlist or song.
	
	play song on youtube. (Wait while jarvis asks you to play which song.) [say a song name.]
		This will play a specific song what you say on youtube.
		Keep in mind that play song on youtube is to activate youtube you give a song name after jarvis asks for a song name.
		
	set alarm. (Wait while jarvis asks you for which time to set alarm.) [say a time to set alarm.]
		This will set an alarm.
		Keep in mind that you have to say specific time e.g. 05:10 PM(you have to say zero as well.) to set alarm after jarvis asks you for time.
		
	tell me a joke.
		This will tell you a joke.
		
	pick up/accept/recieve call.
		This will pick up the call.
		Keep in mind that this feature will only work when your phone is connected to microsoft phone link.
		
	pick up/accept/recieve call and transfer call.
		This will pick up call and transfer it to your connected phone.
		Keep in mind that this feature will only work when your phone is connected to microsoft phone link.
		
	decline/reject call.
		This will decline the call.
		Keep in mind that this feature will only work when your phone is connected to microsoft phone link.
		
	end call.
		This will end the call.
		Keep in mind that this feature will only work when you have already accepted a call.
		
	what is my location.
		This will tell you your location.
		
	instagram profile. (Wait while jarvis asks you for download profile picture.) [say yes/download for download profile picture.]
		This will show you instagram profile of user and can download profile picture of the user name you provided.
		You have to provide instagram profile name manually.
	
	take screenshot. (Wait while jarvis asks you for file name.) [Provide only file name via voice.] -> You have to give your own path.
		This will take screenshot and save it to your provided path.
		Keep in mind that take screenshot is for activating screenshot feature after activating you have to provide file name when jarvis asks for it.
		
	hide all file.
		This will hide all the files in current folder.
		
	unhide all file.
		This will unhide all the files in current folder.
		
	read pdf.
		This will read a full page.
		You have to put your pdf in folder that have jarvis.py and give name of that pdf in code manually.
		You have to input a page number manually.
		
	activate how to mod. (Wait while jarvis activates how to mod.) [say for what thing you want to know steps for.]
		This will provide you full steps to make something.
		Keep in mind that tell the thing you want to know steps of after jarvis say how to mod activated.
		
	what is battery percentage.
		This will tell you system battery percentage.
		
	do some calculations.
		This will calculate math operations.
		Keep in mind that you have to say as follows - 2 + 2.
		
	generate password. (Wait while jarvis asks you lenght of your password.) [say lenght of your password e.g. 10.]
		This will generate you a strong password containing letters,numbers,special characters.
		Keep in mind that say lenght after jarvis asks you for lenght.
		
	scrape website.
		This will scrape data from website and perform tasks on scraped data.
		Keep in mind that you have to provide link of that website that is to be scraped.
		
	let's play a game. (Wait whie jarvis asks you which game you want to play.) [say any game name curruntly available "rock paper scissors","number guesser","chess".]
		This will play some games with you. You have select which game you want to play.
	
	shut down system.
		This will shut down the system.
		
	restart system.
		This will restart the system.
	
	sleep system.
		This will switch system in sleep mode.
		
	check internet speed.
		This will tell you download and upload speed of your network.
		
	[ask any proper question e.g. can you write me a code for hello world in java?].
		This will give you answer and interact with you as well.
		
	you can rest.
		This will make jarvis wait.
		Keep in mind that this command will not terminate code you can again activate jarvis saying "hey jarvis" without re-executing your code.